---
layout: post
title: Announcing Gthnk 0.7
image: /public/gthnk-logo.png
---

I'm happy to announce that Gthnk 0.7 is now available.

A lot of work has happened during the past several years.
Here are some of the highlights:

- dark mode UI
- Docker workflow
- live view of current buffer
- improvements to mobile UI: swipe left/right, small screen
- add notes via web UI
- simple support for tags
- simple agenda renderer
- NB: removed attachments features (temporary)
- major refactoring to support future development
- fix tons of bugs

## Upgrade Notes

If you are upgrading from 0.5 or 0.6, there is a small change to the database regarding logins.  You will need to run a database migration and then add a new user:

    gthnk db migrate
    gthnk user_add --username "gthnk" --password "gthnk"

## Attachments UI is Temporarily Disabled

The UI has been simplified to remove the attachments manager (for now).
There aren't many gthnk users right now - but in case any of you use the attachments UI regularly in your workflow, you might want to hold off on upgrading.

The data schema has not changed and attachments are still intact.
If you do upgrade, none of your attachments will be lost.

The attachments interface will be back in the near future.
I apologize for the disruption in case this affects you.  I'm sorry.  
I need to get this right before adding it back.

## What happened to 0.6?

It was a pretty big version for internal stuff (like Python 3 compatibility).
However, I was working on my dissertation and I didn't have it in me to do a full release.
Anyway, just use 0.7 because it's vastly better.
